before began let me start by saying I'm
explaining this movie for people in a
hurry because why are you fronting you
ain't the stars of our movie today ah
Big Daddy and Bob Fosse blue our story
begins on an island in the land Tom
Brady abandoned with sharks swimming
through weeds and these hippies smoking
them look at him trying to find ways to
expand nay minds and this fool looking
like a Brady Bunch body double or Anglo
Jesus making googly eyes or some fugly
who looks like she probably a twin
sister
don't do drugs girl we're swimming in
the ocean please don't bite my boobs
gonna die by shark and by cousin or
friends high on doobs
oh look this is Creature from the Black
Lagoon accept this chunk don't wanna
take you home unless you wanna throw
your baby sharks they only bite when
they see your private parts insert
police chief with glasses to indicate
intelligence and he gets a colony run
off and has a little talk with Jesus and
whoops whoa watch your step
what about it what you're talking about
I'll see nobody ain't nobody just
somebody's arm I still didn't see no
body
Spielberg you always find the best
actors and on the phone the corners like
bit got bit so chief Brody orders the
beach is closed and there's always gotta
be that TV they don't care about nobody
and nothing but money in his own damn
eagle it's fountain dump agree and see
this wasn't gonna let our child go out
in the water unsupervised get bit and
bite it and then she's gonna blame the
Popo Oh Laurie as the viewers should
just get to make a list of all the
people we want to get eight because this
man and his manner a glance has got to
go
how does this movie only read B G with
all these titties oh the doggone dog
down Vertigo soon am I supposed to feel
bad about this
I feel something in the dog bit it and
the little child is the only one
reasonable hey you dumb [ __ ] get out
the water and then they announced the
beach is closed for 24 hours
why we just trying to get done for
everything closes then this guy just pop
out of nowhere
you're number Lourdes I don't kill this
hurt but very each her children's a nice
but you got a funny off the class you
want a few parents sharkbait ooh haha
because the only thing more important in
your life is money and so everybody want
to go shark hunting meanwhile an
oceanographer examines Marcia's body to
find that she was not only killed by a
shot but a big one kau to shark only one
took the bait said this must be the
killer show me the money until the
expert says no I don't think that's him
because science I think we're gonna have
to cut a bit and the man's like hole we
can't provide evidence let's just
pretend this is the culprit even if it
ain't they'll never know so without
permission the Popo and expert gather
their own evidence which exonerates the
shark who has already been sentenced to
death for a crime being committed they
pose difficult whitter causing major
outrage among the public who demand that
government take serious action and the
man consents to closing the beaches
until the shark is caught the end no
that's too reasonable even for fiction
and I thought they smelled bad on the
outside
apparently no one told him fish our
friends not food here's your meth math
lesson wrecked boat Plus big shark tooth
plus crusty man coughs with I hole worms
equal Jeff needing a clean pair of
panties but that Mia
oh he just a selfish greedy 22 in
selfish greedy twenties and he's like
August please we're gonna pick the
beaches by Easter and I wrote that line
before the memes but I took too long and
now that joke older than adele dazeem
give a voice more obvious comparisons to
now because to be honest thinking about
it all is between exhausting so use your
imaginations in jib sports oh my god are
we living in a bad beer a version of a
Steven Spielberg movie is my worst
nightmare and the shock scares bronies
child while the little reasonable child
sit there bawling like hey you dumb
[ __ ] I told you to get out the water
and now it's personal here's where you
know dis make-believe because the
government official takes responsibility
and apologizes oh no he just bought him
up some shark Joss too
so off we go with Popeye the sailorman
to slay Bruce so now we're gonna hurt
underneath right now and they literally
go deep-sea fishing for what feels like
half my life well nothing in Heaven's
until doo doo doo doo doo doo was
entertaining somehow in during this time
the music ranges from some uplifting
adventurous Goonies to epoch harrowing
testosterone pumping undead pirate
killing Symbolics which is very
confusing to me okay I'd be seasick up
then planning strategy and pew dancing
was very uneventful like when your mama
says she making pizza but she slept some
tomato sauce on cam biscuits and Topsham
with some American cheese do only kind
and then when his hands going to the
water sharks eat most of the people in
order couple dozen guys come out of the
water
another she popped my cherry this are
you serious up here children
don't miss at times like this I ask
myself the tough questions did that boat
got a John or they just hang they
booties off the side and hope the shark
don't got a hankerin for some Boston but
and it's at this point this movie just
creature times Moby Dick Plus human
arrogance squared and there's a long
chase where the Sharks like y'all in the
ocher you were in oh and then the boat
alternators start slippin and the
transmission goes flat and it need an
oil change or some I don't know just
don't dig that hoopty to a mechanic
because he'll just charge you for a
bunch of repairs you don't need to make
a long story short well it's a long
story the boat get fubar and you know
this scene serious because everybody
here wet they even got to go in the
water the shark just be spending in for
funsies
it's like SeaWorld with teeth so the
scientist does some David bleach and
magically drops his fear of sharks
mightiness he's really mad now so he
must have kept it and what and you fool
me you just ain't like 180 pounds of
pirate
I mean you still got his intestines
stuck between your teeth everyone what's
this mama SH I thought this was a kids
movie pew pew boom boom hee hee ho ho
that's nasty
Oh welcome back richer doofus and they
Duncan paddle back to the shore among
their girly giggles already haven't
forgotten the havoc wreaked upon their
fellow Boston butts including the
captain because girl you got what you
deserved the end now I know y'all got a
lot of nothin to get back to but hear me
out I hope y'all enjoyed this video
because I gotta say times is rough and
it's kind of hard to be funny when every
day feels like a duty over the deck of a
ship but let's all offer a big thank you
to those who keep this channel going
even in times like these Mario star
Khitan dissing Dan W whiskey Gabriella
see Michelle w Maria T P tfj fat cat
Sylvia Roz breeze Davis see Bethenny see
Christine k JK wanna Allison L an
anonymous BH and a quick special shout
out to Donny B for increasing her pledge
and also to Anna Marie s and Marie essa
i don't know so what's it called with
the news thing they put it in the news
and you can understand how something's
pronounced what is it the phonetic
spelling start including the phonetic
spelling in your name so I don't sound
like a dumb anyway Anna Marie s did the
same and she out there working hard to
save all our dumpsters Big Jim hug for
more as explained fall I'm Jeb Adye I
love your muffins and that's how she
popped my cherry